Add blog post for week 25/02 (#990)
packit/packit.dev: weekly/2025/week-2.md

---
title: Week 2 in Packit
date: 2025-01-13
authors: flachman
tags:
  - 2025-January
  - 2025
  - January
---

## Week 2 (January 7th – January 13th)

> - Fix EVR regex to not match email addresses with `-` in them. (contributed by [Dan Čermák](https://github.com/dcermak), [specfile#445](https://github.com/packit/specfile/pull/445))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed EVR regex used when parsing changelog entries in the _specfile_ library to not match email addresses with `-` in them. (contributed by [Dan Čermák](https://github.com/dcermak), [specfile#445](https://github.com/packit/specfile/pull/445))
```
